Guys, welcome.
Now, this lecture, we're going to create the functionality to pick image.
But before then, over the sign up screen, what you can easily just do is to uncomment this.
Okay.
So I'm gonna light.
Then I'm going to use control and backslash.
And that's uncomment this.
Okay, great.
Now, I've done this for five pictures.
What we can do is we can go to our browser.
Then you're going to search for a default user profile image painting.
Okay, then over this one, anyone you desire.
But I'm just going to go with this.
They're going to open this link in a new tab.
Then it's going to take you to a page like this.
Right.
Then you're going to copy the image address.
Okay, good.
So you can see you can copy the copy email address.
Okay.
Instead of this pathetic test, what they can do is they're going to face this I a great.
Now we're going to restart this.
Okay.
But we start.
Then go check it out.
It's going to get displayed.
Okay, great.
Now, what they're going to do next is they're going to create the functionality to pick image.
Okay.
Now, remember we said the controllers for the is.
We're going to be doing our logic, right?
We agreed to that.
Right.
Okay.
Now what we're going to do, we can either create a new file for this, but since the image has to do
with the arts education as well, we can't just create the functionality in our whole controller.
Okay.
Now what we can do is we can make this wider.
Right.
Then you can just do this at the top where we can.
Give your comments, then we can sit on.
To enable users peak image.
Okay, now before continue please note there are a couple of ways to do the same thing in Flutter.
That is, you can use different approach and you're going to achieve the same results.
Not in this try this course.
They will let out a thick image in different ways.
Okay, well, you can just stick with anyone you feel it is so okay for you.
Also understandable to you.
Okay.
Now what they're going to do is, first of all, we are going to create a reusable image picker.
So you're going to be able to peek from either gallery or camera easily, which attracts in Morse code.
Okay.
So first of all.
What we would do is we're going to create a function which we can call peak.
Image.
Okay, now, we can easily just, uh, create a verbal code when we find you can pick this image.
Right.
The concern is equal to the image.
Image pic I wish we had earlier start.
In this picture.
Then we can see that's.
The image as you guys is asking for the source.
Image, source.
Okay.
That's gallery.
Now we can easily just do this, but if one shows a big for the camera, we have to repeat ourself again.
Remember, there is a law of programming which says to not repeat yourself.
So what they're going to try to do is to make this more dynamic.
Okay, so we're going to get rid of this.
Okay?
So like we said, you're going to create a function and we can call this function peak image, right?
Okay.
So now I'm going to make this dynamic.
So what we can do is we're going to pass in the.
It was.
Source.
So the of pasta sauce.
Okay, so what we did was a pass in sauce.
Then we said, is it type of in this sauce?
So this when it was, you'd have to pick image from gallery or camera.
Okay, great.
Now the next they're going to do is they're going to create a final variable and you're going to call
this what is called image picker.
Okay.
Is going to be equal to the image picker.
Okay, great.
Now we can associate.
This is a type.
This variable is a type of image picker.
Okay, great.
Now, what we can do now is we can.
So we can wear we can dance to this variable that is old school image.
Pikka.
The words.
Peak image.
Okay.
Now you can just pass in the source that I'm actually.
Okay, great.
Now we can also store this study results and available and we can call the variable on this call phi.
Okay.
This is going to be a type of this is a type of is.
Is why.
Okay.
They're going to say equal to what we can do is because I wait for the image because then also not easy
awaits.
We need to use the word is sick.
Okay.
I think we have in some.
Issues.
With.
English become.
Okay.
We can.
Yes, we can.
Can be.
No.
Okay, great.
Great.
Now what they're going to do next is we're going to check if the user actually picked the image or not.
So what we can do now is we can use an EVE statement, then we can see if this variable or that is caused
by.
Is not equipped to know that is the user actually picked the image if it is not in quotes or no that
once written.
I always.
On this qualify.
Not with us, but.
Okay, great.
Else.
User refuses to take an image.
Then we just want to print this to ourself.
This is no image.
Selected.
Okay.
Great.
Now, what we simply did is we created a very backward peak image.
Sorry, not a variable, but function we created in function called peak image.
Right.
Then we passed in the source.
The source is referring to how we have been able to image it from what where the gallery or the camera.
Then we also said is a type of image source.
Okay.
Then we created a file available which required.
Image picker.
But it's called image pickup, which we said is equal to the image because we get.
Right.
Then as well.
We said this is a type of image picker.
Okay, then.
Where we simply use the rainbow, which we had earlier created called image picker.
But this image requires a viable story.
This image picks up, right?
So we said image because that's peak image.
So something you can easily just get rid of this line similar to saying something like this image because
it peak.
Okay.
So that was what I was going to say.
So this image, picado, it's peak image, then this source.
Let's have a little faith in this source.
That was the reason why we made this dynamic.
So because these are passing this source, that's a peek from gallery of people on camera.
Okay.
So this source is referring to how we are going to be able to pick images up from the gallery or the
camera.
And over here, we are simply checking that if the user actually picked the image, then once we written.
Fight or treat us fight and also we are within it.
Else if the user refuses to pick an image, probably.
He mystically clicked on the image.
We simply click on the icons of the image.
And if you refuse to pick that image, then we just want to print this.
So I said, okay, that is what I've got to say.
And like I said, they look composed of approaches to do the same thing, slow to work, whichever way
you feel is more understandable to you or more clear to you.
You can just try to master that pattern you get.
Okay.
I've tried to do this in different ways, but whichever way you feel, it's more convenient or more
understandable to you.
You're going to just try to master that spot and go ahead with it.
Okay.
So this is the function to take the human rights.
So in in this lecture now we are going to learn on how to implement this.